docs: clarify async instrumentation register request (#90039)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/instrumentation.mdx

To set up instrumentation, create `instrumentation.ts|js` file in the **root directory** of your project (or inside the [`src`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/src-folder) folder if using one).

> Then, export a `register` function in the file. This function will be called **once** during server startup and must complete before the server is ready to handle requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, export a `register` function in the file. This function will be called **once** when a new Next.js server instance is initiated, and must complete before the server is ready to handle requests.
```

> Then, export a `register` function in the file. This function will be called **once** when a new Next.js server instance is initiated.

Reviewer: I think we should go with this instead:

```suggestion
Then, export a `register` function in the file. This function will be called **once** during server startup and must complete before the server is ready to handle requests.
```
